VICTORIETTE on OKCUPID

My self-summary

Hi! I'm Victoriette. I'm funny, adventurous, joyful, brainy, lion-hearted, compassionate, and smart as heck.

I'm a professional writer, former law student, and ex-journalist; I briefly worked as a disaster recovery planner; I had a career as a sex industry receptionist; and I co-founded Australia's first hackerspace. I am down to talk with you all night about everything. And I talk like a dictionary that just got laid.

I like art, film, literature, robots, giant machines, architecture, history, space, AI, autonomous vehicles, cognitive biases, colours, contemporary art economics—you know, the usual stuff :D

What I'm doing with my life

Trying to be love and compassion personified. I've been volunteering at homeless shelters for five years; in Sydney I also ran a home-cooked dinner service called Loveishment for people with depression.

I work as a professional editor and writer, which means I make people sound as smart as they think they are. I also write a newsletter of strange facts (Warren Ellis is a subscriber, and described it as "Interesting!", which piece of validation I will have carved on my tombstone); I write jokes on Twitter (some of which are very good); and I design t-shirts for smart people.

I'm really good at

Knowing the right thing to say. If you're on the receiving end of this, it can be weirdly addictive.

I'm also very open-minded, and I have an extreme novelty preference, and I tend to just like things. Being on the receiving end of this is also weirdly addictive.

The first thing people notice about me

I'm plus size, and let's face it. You'll want to sink your hands into my thighs like a baker into dough.

Favorite books, movies, shows, music, and food

Six things I could never do without

Everywhere I go, I take about half an Officeworks of pens.

I spend a lot of time thinking about

In a 2010 New Yorker article, Adam Gopnik wrote, "As the Bacchae knew, we always tear our Gods to bits, and eat the bits we like." I think about this every single day.

On a typical Friday night I am

Daguerreotype and chill.

The most private thing I'm willing to admit

Once, while someone was asking me on a date, I accidentally ate the label on a piece of fruit. Four years later I found out those labels are edible.

You should message me if

1. Are you very interesting?

2. Are you a humanitarian?

That's it. That's the entry level for a date with me :D

